We need to write fast implementation of matrix exponential. Use scipy.linalg.expm or use scipy.linalg.expm? The problem says "matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tight tolerance." We can simply call scipy.linalg.expm inside expm_fast. But the problem might expect that we implement ourselves, but using scipy is allowed. But we must ensure that we import scipy.linalg.expm. That is simple and fast. But maybe the evaluation will check that we don't rely on external library? It says we may import scipy. So it's fine.

However, we might just call scipy.linalg.expm(A). But we also need to keep same signature. So:

import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    return expm(A)

But we need to ensure that the input is float64. Should cast. But expm handles.

Edge cases: A may be not square? But reference expects square. So we can assert.

Return type: np.ndarray.

Should we copy? Not necessary.

But maybe the evaluation expects that we implement the algorithm ourselves. But they said "fast, numerically-stable implementation that matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tight tolerance." Using scipy.linalg.expm obviously matches.

But maybe they want us to implement Pade approximant or scaling and squaring algorithm. But using SciPy is easiest.

However, there may be restrictions: the problem might be part of a set where they don't want to rely on SciPy due to heavy dependencies. But they allowed SciPy. So fine.

But maybe the evaluator will not have SciPy installed? But the environment likely has SciPy. The problem statement says "You may import numpy, scipy, numba, or any other package from a standard scientific-Python distribution." So SciPy is allowed.

Thus simplest solution: call scipy.linalg.expm.

But we also need to ensure that we only use numpy and scipy. Provide imports at top.

Let's craft final code:

```
import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    """Return the matrix exponential of a square float64 matrix ``A``."""
    A = np.asarray(A, dtype=np.float64)
    if A.ndim != 2 or A.shape[0] != A.shape[1]:
        raise ValueError("Input must be a square matrix.")
    return expm(A)
```

Should be fine.

We also might want to avoid copying if not needed. But we cast to float64; if A already float64, no copy. But we can skip cast: just call expm(A). But we can keep cast.

Let's produce final code.

