We need to produce a faster implementation. The reference uses naive Taylor series up to 40 terms. We need to produce a fast, numerically stable implementation that matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tolerance.

We can use scipy.linalg.expm directly, but maybe we want to implement scaling and squaring with Pade approximants. But we could just call scipy.linalg.expm for simplicity, but that might be slower? But it's acceptable since it's fast in compiled code. The requirement: "Your solution must define the same top-level function name and signature as the reference. Do not rename it, do not add required arguments." So we can import scipy.linalg.expm. But we must ensure that the output matches within tolerance. Using scipy.linalg.expm is perfect.

But maybe the evaluation expects a custom implementation? The problem says "speed up the matrix exponential." It doesn't forbid using scipy.linalg.expm. The function expm_fast should be fast. So we can simply return scipy.linalg.expm(A). That will be fast. But we need to import scipy. Ensure numpy dtype etc. That should work.

But maybe they expect the implementation to be self-contained, but they allow scipy. So we can just call scipy.linalg.expm.

Alternatively, we could implement the scaling and squaring algorithm with Pade approximants. But that's more code. Using scipy is simpler.

Potential issues: The function may be called with dtype float64; scipy.linalg.expm expects float64. It returns float64. Should be fine.

We need to produce a complete runnable file. So import numpy as np, import scipy.linalg. Then define expm_fast(A). Use scipy.linalg.expm(A). Might need to ensure we cast to float64.

Edge cases: A may not be square? But we assume square. We can optionally check shape.

Let's implement:

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    return scipy.linalg.expm(A)

But we must import scipy.linalg.

Let's produce final code.

But we need to adhere to the format: single python fenced block containing complete runnable file. No extraneous text.

Let's produce.