We need to write a fast implementation of matrix exponential, matching scipy.linalg.expm. Use scipy.linalg.expm or implement Pade approximation. The simplest: import scipy.linalg.expm and just call it. But the function signature expects same name. That would be acceptable. But might be disallowed? The problem likely expects to use a faster algorithm, but calling scipy.linalg.expm is acceptable as it's a fast implementation. But we need to be careful: we should not import heavy modules? It's allowed.

But the reference implementation is naive; we can replace with scipy.linalg.expm. That will produce same result within tolerance. But we need to return numpy array.

So code:

import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    return expm(A)

But we need to ensure dtype float64. expm returns same dtype.

But we may also implement Pade approximation manually. But easiest is to call scipy.

But maybe the evaluator will check that function returns correct shape etc. Should be fine.

But we might need to avoid overhead of importing scipy? It's okay.

But the problem statement says "You may import numpy, scipy, numba, or any other package from a standard scientific-Python distribution." So using scipy is fine.

So final code:

import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    """Return the matrix exponential of a square float64 matrix A."""
    return expm(A)

That's it.

But maybe they want to avoid using scipy? But it's allowed. The problem says "Your solution must define the same top-level function name and signature." So it's fine.

Return a complete runnable file. So we need to include imports, function, maybe if __name__ == "__main__": for tests? Not required.

Thus final answer: code block with the function.

But to be safe, we can also include a fallback using scipy's expm or implement Pade if scipy not available. But it's fine.

We just return expm(A). Ensure dtype is float64. If A is float64, expm returns float64.

Thus final.