We need to produce a faster, numerically stable implementation matching scipy.linalg.expm. We can use scipy.linalg.expm directly, but we need to implement something ourselves? The requirement: "Your task is to replace it with a fast, numerically-stable implementation that matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tight tolerance." So we can simply call scipy.linalg.expm inside our function. That would be fastest and accurate. But maybe they expect we implement scaling and squaring + Padé approximant. But calling scipy is easiest. But is scipy allowed? They said we may import numpy, scipy, numba, or any package from a standard scientific-Python distribution. So we can import scipy.linalg.expm. That would be trivial. But we must maintain same signature. So:

import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    return expm(A)

But the reference uses dtype float64; we need to ensure same dtype. expm will return same dtype as input. Good.

However, some evaluation might check that we don't use SciPy's expm? But the problem statement says we may import scipy. So it's fine. But to be safe, we can implement scaling and squaring with Padé approximant using scipy's expm? But we can also use scipy.linalg.expm. That is simplest.

But maybe they expect a custom implementation using scaling and squaring and Padé approximant from scipy.linalg.expm? But we can also use scipy.linalg.expm to compute; but that is basically the same as the reference. But the reference uses naive Taylor; our replacement uses scipy's efficient algorithm. That will be faster and accurate.

Let's produce a file with imports and function.

Edge cases: Input may not be square? But we can assume square. Use np.asarray to ensure array. But not necessary.

Return dtype float64.

Will our function produce same output as scipy? Yes.

But to be extra safe, we might cast to float64: return expm(A.astype(np.float64)). But if A already float64, no change.

But we might also want to handle integer matrices? Not necessary.

Let's produce final code.

However, the problem might want us to not rely on SciPy's expm because they might not have SciPy installed? But they said we can import scipy. So fine.

Let's produce final code.