We need to implement fast matrix exponential. Use scipy.linalg.expm. But can't use that? We can import scipy.linalg.expm as reference, but we want speed. We can use scipy.linalg.expm directly. But the problem states "replace with fast, numerically-stable implementation that matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tolerance". So we can just call scipy.linalg.expm. That will be fastest. However, we need to ensure that the output dtype is float64. scipy.linalg.expm returns float64 for float64 input. So we can implement:

from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A):
    return expm(A)

But maybe the evaluator expects no external dependencies? But scipy is allowed. So this is trivial. But maybe they want more complex like scaling and squaring algorithm. But we can use expm from scipy. That will be fine.

But we must ensure that we don't import heavy modules unnecessarily. But it's fine.

Alternatively, we could implement scaling and squaring with Pade approximation manually. But that's more code.

Better to just use scipy.linalg.expm. That is fastest.

But we need to keep same signature, return np.ndarray.

Also ensure that we cast to float64. Input may be float32? But we can cast.

Implement:

def expm_fast(A):
    A = np.asarray(A, dtype=np.float64)
    return expm(A)

We need to import numpy and scipy.linalg.expm.

Let's produce code.

But check that input shape is square. If not, raise error. But scipy will raise.

Return result.

Edge: The reference uses int iterations 40. For small matrices, this may be enough. But using scipy will produce accurate result.

So final code:

import numpy as np
from scipy.linalg import expm

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    """Return the matrix exponential of a square float64 matrix A."""
    A = np.asarray(A, dtype=np.float64)
    return expm(A)

That's it.

But maybe the evaluator expects not to rely on SciPy? It says we may import scipy. So okay.

Alternatively, implement using scaling and squaring manually. But that would be more code. But simpler to call SciPy.

Thus final solution.