We need to produce a faster implementation. The reference uses naive Taylor series up to 40 terms. We need to produce a fast, numerically stable implementation that matches scipy.linalg.expm(A) within tolerance.

We can use scipy.linalg.expm directly, but maybe we want to implement scaling and squaring with Pade approximants. But we could just call scipy.linalg.expm for simplicity, but that might be slower? But it's acceptable since it's fast in compiled code. The requirement: "Your solution must define the same top-level function name and signature as the reference. Do not rename it, do not add required arguments." So we can import scipy.linalg.expm. But we must ensure that the output matches within tolerance. Using scipy.linalg.expm is perfect.

But maybe the evaluation expects a custom implementation? The problem says "speed up the matrix exponential." It doesn't forbid using scipy.linalg.expm. The function expm_fast should be fast. So we can simply return scipy.linalg.expm(A). That will be fast. But we need to import scipy. Ensure numpy dtype etc. That should work.

But maybe they expect the implementation to be self-contained, but they allow imports. So we can just call scipy.linalg.expm.

Alternatively, we could implement the scaling and squaring algorithm with Pade approximants. But that's more code. But we can just call the library.

The function signature: expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray. So we can just return scipy.linalg.expm(A). That returns float64.

Edge cases: A may not be square? But we assume input is square.

Let's write the code: import numpy as np, import scipy.linalg. Then define expm_fast.

We need to ensure that the output type matches dtype float64. scipy.linalg.expm returns array with dtype of input. So fine.

Return result.

Thus final code:

```
import numpy as np
import scipy.linalg

def expm_fast(A: np.ndarray) -> np.ndarray:
    return scipy.linalg.expm(A)
```

But the problem may want to be self-contained; but it's okay.

But maybe the evaluation environment has no scipy? It says we can import scipy. So okay.

But to be safe, we can implement scaling and squaring with Pade approximant manually. But it's more code.

But we can implement it using scipy's function, which is compiled and fast. That matches SciPy's own implementation. So test with np.allclose should pass.

Let's produce final answer.

But we need to ensure that the function is not named incorrectly: It's expm_fast. Good.

Let's produce the file.